OSDOCS-11312: adds nit fixes to auto recovery MicroShift (#88145)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-auto-recovery-example-bootc-systems.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift/microshift_backup_and_restore/microshift-auto-recover-manual-backup.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-auto-recovery-example-bootc-systems_{context}"]
= Using auto-recovery in image mode for RHEL systems

:FeatureName: Image mode for {op-system-base}

include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

As a use case, consider the following example situation in which you want to automate the `auto-recovery` process for image mode for {op-system-base-full} systems that use the systemd service.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must include the entire `auto-recovery` process for image mode for {op-system-image} systems that use `systemd` in the container file.

Reviewer: I think you list `image mode` twice in this IMPORTANT warning. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b5eb89d5-1fd0-4193-9b26-7b010f851291)

====

.Prerequisites

* You created the `10-auto-recovery.conf` and `microshift-auto-recovery.service` files as explained in the "Using auto-recovery in RPM systems" section.

* You created the `microshift-auto-recovery` script as explained in the "Using auto-recovery in RPM systems" section.

.Procedure

> * Use the following example to update the container file that you use to prepare the {op-system-image} image.

Reviewer: This example produces an error when the container image is built using podman. Please double check my assumption here

`STEP 12/16: RUN mkdir -p /usr/lib/systemd/system/microshift.service.d
--> f3e0fc6ba1c3
STEP 13/16: COPY ./auto-rec/10-auto-recovery.conf /usr/lib/systemd/system/microshift.service.d/10-auto-recovery.conf
Error: building at STEP "COPY ./auto-rec/10-auto-recovery.conf /usr/lib/systemd/system/microshift.service.d/10-auto-recovery.conf": checking on sources under "/home/microshift/container": copier: stat: "/auto-rec/10-auto-recovery.conf": no such file or directory`

My steps to get the error are

- Create (update) a Containerfile with lines above (called Containerfile.bootc-rhel9)
- sudo podman build --authfile "${PULL_SECRET}" -t "${IMAGE_NAME}"     --build-arg USER_PASSWD="${USER_PASSWD}"     -f $PWD/Containerfile.bootc-rhel9

Reviewer 2: It is assumed that users will create those files that based on RPM procedure.

Reviewer: @pmtk I'm sorry for being dense here. Should the files ( 10-auto-recovery.conf, microshift-auto-recovery.service, microshift-auto-recovery)  be created in the  /auto-rec directory on the local system the container image is getting recreated ?  Adding that detail might make the procedure easier to follow.

Reviewer 2: No, these files should be relative to the containerfile.
For example, if we have `/home/microshift/test-build/Containerfile` then to properly embed those files they need to be in:
- `/home/microshift/test-build/auto-rec/10-auto-recovery.conf`
- `/home/microshift/test-build/auto-rec/microshift-auto-recovery.service`
- `/home/microshift/test-build/auto-rec/microshift-auto-recovery`

Reviewer: Thanks @pmtk this makes sense now.

Reviewer: Do we need the daemon-reload command command in the last line of the container file example ?

`RUN chmod +x /usr/bin/microshift-auto-recovery && systemctl daemon-reload`

```suggestion
RUN chmod +x /usr/bin/microshift-auto-recovery
```

Reviewer 2: Good question, I'm actually not sure. We're not testing this exact flow in CI (i.e. starting with Containerfile) - we create the files during the test itself.

Reviewer 2: I don't see `daemon-reload` in any of our Containerfile for CI, so I think we can remove it

+
[source,text]
----
RUN mkdir -p /usr/lib/systemd/system/microshift.service.d
COPY ./auto-rec/10-auto-recovery.conf /usr/lib/systemd/system/microshift.service.d/10-auto-recovery.conf
COPY ./auto-rec/microshift-auto-recovery.service /usr/lib/systemd/system/
COPY ./auto-rec/microshift-auto-recovery /usr/bin/
RUN chmod +x /usr/bin/microshift-auto-recovery && systemctl daemon-reload

> ----

Reviewer: Should a note be added to rebuild the container image ? It isn't clear what should happen after the container is appended.

Reviewer 2: I guess we can add it for clarity. I suspect we also say that after we give steps that make changes to the ostree blueprints?

Reviewer 2: https://88145--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/microshift/latest/microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-rhel-image-mode#microshift-rhel-image-mode-build-image_microshift-install-rhel-image-mode
esp. the `podman build`

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift/microshift_backup_and_restore/microshift-auto-recover-manual-backup.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-auto-recovery-example-bootc-systems_{context}"]

> = Using auto-recovery in image mode for RHEL systems

Reviewer 3: I think this will work? If it doesn't no worries
```suggestion
= Using auto-recovery in image mode for {op-system-base} systems
```

:FeatureName: Image mode for {op-system-base}

> include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

Author: Hmm, doesn't look like any ruling is in the contrib guide, https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#indicating-technology-preview-features

As a use case, consider the following example situation in which you want to automate the `auto-recovery` process for image mode for {op-system-base-full} systems that use the systemd service.

> [IMPORTANT]

Author: yeah, that would be meh; I'll leave it up there this round
